docs: testing chrome extension (#1296)
kblok/puppeteer-sharp: docfx_project/examples/ChromeExtension.md

# How to test a Chrome Extension
_Contributors: [Meir Blachman](https://github.com/meir017)_

## Problem

You need to test a chrome extension

## Solution

> Use `Page.Launch` passing arguments specifiying to load your extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use `Puppeteer.LaunchAsync` passing arguments specifying to load your extension.
```
